Caveats and improvements

For simplicity's sake, a vote against a proposal simply counts as one less vote of support. If you want, you can play around with the idea that negative votes have more weight, but this means that a minority of members could have an effective veto power on any proposed transaction!

How else could you improve this contract?
Let's go exploring!

You have reached the end of this tutorial, but it's just the beginning of a great adventure. Look back and see how much you accomplished: you created a living, talking robot, your own cryptocurrency, raised funds through a trustless crowdfunding and used it to kickstart your own personal democratic organization.
What could happen next?

    The tokens you still control could be sold on a decentralized exchange or traded for goods and services to fund further development of the first contract and grow the organization.

    Your DAO could own its own name on the name registrar, and then change where it's redirecting in order to update itself if the token holders approved.

    The organization could hold not only ethers, but any other kind of coin created on ethereum, including assets whose values are tied to the bitcoin or dollar.

    The DAO could be programmed to allow a proposal with multiple transactions, some scheduled to the future. It could also own shares of other DAOs, meaning it could vote on larger organization or be a part of a federation of DAOs.

    The Token Contract could be reprogrammed to hold ether or to hold other tokens and distribute it to the token holders. This would link the value of the token to the value of other assets, so paying dividends could be accomplished by simply moving funds to the token address.

This all means that this tiny society you created could grow, get funding from third parties, pay recurrent salaries, own any kind of crypto-assets and even use crowdsales to fund its activities. All with full transparency, complete accountability and complete immunity from any human interference. While the network lives the contracts will execute exactly the code they were created to execute, without any exception, forever.

So what will your contract be? Will it be a country, a company, a non-profit group? What will your code do?

That's up to you.
